Well, I want to thank everybody.  Very, very special people.  And it is true, this is my first stop, officially.  We’re not talking about the balls, or we’re not talking about even the speeches -- although they did treat me nicely on that speech yesterday.  (Laughter.)  I always call them the dishonest media, but they treated me nicely.  (Laughter.) 
But I want to say that there is nobody that feels stronger about the intelligence community and the CIA than Donald Trump.  There’s nobody.  (Applause.) 
The wall behind me is very, very special.  We’ve been touring for quite a while, and I’ll tell you what -- 29?  I can’t believe it.
Oh, 28.  We got to reduce it.  That’s amazing.  And we really appreciate what you’ve done in terms of showing us something very special.  And your whole group, these are really special, amazing people.  Very, very few people could do the job you people do.  And I want to just let you know, I am so behind you.  And I know maybe sometimes you haven’t gotten the backing that you’ve wanted, and you’re going to get so much backing.  Maybe you’re going to say, please don’t give us so much backing.  (Laughter.)  Mr. President, please, we don’t need that much backing.  (Laughter.)  But you’re going to have that.  And I think everybody in this room knows it.
You know, the military and the law enforcement, generally speaking, but all of it -- but the military gave us tremendous percentages of votes.  We were unbelievably successful in the election with getting the vote of the military.  And probably almost everybody in this room voted for me, but I will not ask you to raise your hands if you did.  (Laughter.)  But I would guarantee a big portion, because we’re all on the same wavelength, folks.  (Applause.)  We’re all on the same wavelength, right?  He knows.  It took Brian about 30 seconds to figure that one out, right, because we know we’re on the same wavelength.
But we’re going to do great things.  We’re going to do great things.  We’ve been fighting these wars for longer than any wars we’ve ever fought.  We have not used the real abilities that we have.  We’ve been restrained.  We have to get rid of ISIS.  Have to get rid of ISIS.  We have no choice.  (Applause.)  Radical Islamic terrorism.  And I said it yesterday -- it has to be eradicated just off the face of the Earth.  This is evil.  This is evil.  And you know, I can understand the other side.  We can all understand the other side.  There can be wars between countries, there can be wars.  You can understand what happened.  This is something nobody can even understand.  This is a level of evil that we haven’t seen.  And you’re going to go to it, and you’re going to do a phenomenal job.  But we’re going to end it.  It’s time.  It’s time right now to end it.
You have somebody coming on who is extraordinary.  For the different positions of “Secretary of This” and “Secretary of That” and all of these great positions, I’d see five, six, seven, eight people.  And we had a great transition.  We had an amazing team of talent.  And, by the way, General Flynn is right over here.  Put up your hand.  What a good guy.  (Applause.)  And Reince and my whole group.  Reince -- you know -- they don’t care about Reince.  He’s like this political guy that turned out to be a superstar, right?  We don’t have to talk about Reince.
But we did -- we had such a tremendous, tremendous success.  So when I’m interviewing all of these candidates that Reince and his whole group is putting in front, it went very, very quickly, and, in this case, went so quickly -- because I would see six or seven or eight for Secretary of Agriculture, who we just named the other day, Sonny Perdue, former governor of Georgia.  Fantastic guy.  But I’d see six, seven, eight people for a certain position.  Everybody wanted it. 
But I met Mike Pompeo, and it was the only guy I met.  I didn’t want to meet anybody else.  I said, cancel everybody else.  Cancel.  Now, he was approved, essentially, but they’re doing little political games with me.  He was one of the three.  Now, last night, as you know, General Mattis, fantastic guy, and General Kelly got approved.  (Applause.)  And Mike Pompeo was supposed to be in that group.  It was going to be the three of them.  Can you imagine all of these guys?  People respect -- you know, they respect that military sense.  All my political people, they’re not doing so well.  The political people aren’t doing so well but you.  We’re going to get them all through, but some will take a little bit longer than others. 
But Mike was literally -- I had a group of -- what, we had nine different people?  Now, I must say, I didn’t mind cancelling eight appointments.  That wasn’t the worst thing in the world.  But I met him and I said, he is so good.  Number one in his class at West Point. 
Now, I know a lot about West Point.  I’m a person that very strongly believes in academics.  In fact, every time I say I had an uncle who was a great professor at MIT for 35 years who did a fantastic job in so many different ways, academically -- was an academic genius -- and then they say, is Donald Trump an intellectual?  Trust me, I’m like a smart persona.  (Laughter.)  And I recognized immediately.  So he was number one at West Point, and he was also essentially number one at Harvard Law School.  And then he decided to go into the military.  And he ran for Congress.  And everything he’s done has been a homerun.  People like him, but much more importantly to me, everybody respects him.  And when I told Paul Ryan that I wanted to do this, I would say he may be the only person that was not totally thrilled -- right, Mike?  Because he said, I don’t want to lose this guy. 
But you will be getting a total star.  You’re going to be getting a total gem.  He’s a gem.  (Applause.)  You’ll see.  You’ll see.  And many of you know him anyway.  But you’re going to see.  And again, we have some great people going in.  But this one is something -- is going to be very special, because this is one, if I had to name the most important, this would certainly be perhaps -- you know, in certain ways, you could say my most important.  You do the job like everybody in this room is capable of doing.  And the generals are wonderful, and the fighting is wonderful.  But if you give them the right direction, boy, does the fighting become easier.  And, boy, do we lose so fewer lives, and win so quickly.  And that’s what we have to do.  We have to start winning again.
You know, when I was young and when I was -- of course, I feel young.  I feel like I’m 30, 35, 39.  (Laughter.)  Somebody said, are you young?  I said, I think I’m young.  You know, I was stopping -- when we were in the final month of that campaign, four stops, five stops, seven stops.  Speeches, speeches, in front of 25,000, 30,000 people, 15,000, 19,000 from stop to stop.  I feel young.
When I was young -- and I think we’re all sort of young.  When I was young, we were always winning things in this country.  We’d win with trade.  We’d win with wars.  At a certain age, I remember hearing from one of my instructors, “The United States has never lost a war.”  And then, after that, it’s like we haven’t won anything.  We don’t win anymore.  The old expression, “to the victor belong the spoils” -- you remember.  I always used to say, keep the oil.  I wasn’t a fan of Iraq.  I didn’t want to go into Iraq.  But I will tell you, when we were in, we got out wrong.  And I always said, in addition to that, keep the oil.  Now, I said it for economic reasons.  But if you think about it, Mike, if we kept the oil you probably wouldn’t have ISIS because that’s where they made their money in the first place.  So we should have kept the oil.  But okay.  (Laughter.)  Maybe you’ll have another chance.  But the fact is, should have kept the oil. 
I believe that this group is going to be one of the most important groups in this country toward making us safe, toward making us winners again, toward ending all of the problems.  We have so many problems that are interrelated that we don’t even think of, but interrelated to the kind of havoc and fear that this sick group of people has caused.  So I can only say that I am with you 1,000 percent. 
And the reason you’re my first stop is that, as you know, I have a running war with the media.  They are among the most dishonest human beings on Earth.  (Laughter and applause.)  And they sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence community.  And I just want to let you know, the reason you’re the number-one stop is exactly the opposite -- exactly.  And they understand that, too. 
And I was explaining about the numbers.  We did a thing yesterday at the speech.  Did everybody like the speech?  (Applause.)  I’ve been given good reviews.  But we had a massive field of people.  You saw them.  Packed.  I get up this morning, I turn on one of the networks, and they show an empty field.  I say, wait a minute, I made a speech.  I looked out, the field was -- it looked like a million, million and a half people.  They showed a field where there were practically nobody standing there.  And they said, Donald Trump did not draw well.  I said, it was almost raining, the rain should have scared them away, but God looked down and he said, we’re not going to let it rain on your speech. 
In fact, when I first started, I said, oh, no.  The first line, I got hit by a couple of drops.  And I said, oh, this is too bad, but we’ll go right through it.  But the truth is that it stopped immediately.  It was amazing.  And then it became really sunny.  And then I walked off and it poured right after I left.  It poured.  But, you know, we have something that’s amazing because we had -- it looked -- honestly, it looked like a million and a half people.  Whatever it was, it was.  But it went all the way back to the Washington Monument.  And I turn on -- and by mistake I get this network, and it showed an empty field.  And it said we drew 250,000 people.  Now, that’s not bad, but it’s a lie.  We had 250,000 people literally around -- you know, in the little bowl that we constructed.  That was 250,000 people.  The rest of the 20-block area, all the way back to the Washington Monument, was packed.  So we caught them, and we caught them in a beauty.  And I think they’re going to pay a big price. 
We had another one yesterday, which was interesting.  In the Oval Office there’s a beautiful statue of Dr. Martin Luther King.  And I also happen to like Churchill, Winston Churchill.  I think most of us like Churchill.  He doesn’t come from our country, but had a lot to do with it.  Helped us; real ally.  And, as you know, the Churchill statue was taken out -- the bust.  And as you also probably have read, the Prime Minister is coming over to our country very shortly.  And they wanted to know whether or not I’d like it back.  I say, absolutely, but in the meantime we have a bust of Churchill. 
So a reporter for Time magazine -- and I have been on there cover, like, 14 or 15 times.  I think we have the all-time record in the history of Time Magazine.  Like, if Tom Brady is on the cover, it’s one time, because he won the Super Bowl or something, right?  (Laughter.)  I’ve been on it for 15 times this year.  I don’t think that’s a record, Mike, that can ever be broken.  Do you agree with that?  What do you think? 
But I will say that they said -- it was very interesting -- that Donald Trump took down the bust, the statue, of Dr. Martin Luther King.  And it was right there.  But there was a cameraman that was in front of it.  (Laughter.)  So Zeke -- Zeke from Time Magazine writes a story about I took down.  I would never do that because I have great respect for Dr. Martin Luther King.  But this is how dishonest the media is.
Now, the big story -- the retraction was, like, where?  Was it a line?  Or do they even bother putting it in?  So I only like to say that because I love honesty.  I like honest reporting. 
I will tell you, final time -- although I will say it, when you let in your thousands of other people that have been trying to come in -- because I am coming back -- we’re going to have to get you a larger room.  (Applause.)  We may have to get you a larger room.  You know?  And maybe, maybe, it will be built by somebody that knows how to build, and we won’t have columns.  (Laughter.)  You understand that?  (Applause.)  We get rid of the columns.
No, I just wanted to really say that I love you, I respect you.  There’s nobody I respect more.  You’re going to do a fantastic job.  And we’re going to start winning again, and you’re going to be leading the charge. 
So thank you all very much.  (Applause.)  Thank you -- you’re beautiful.  Thank you all very much.  Have a good time.  I’ll be back.  I’ll be back.  Thank you.
You know and ...
I moved on her, actually. You know, she was down on Palm Beach. I moved on her, and I failed. I’ll admit it.
No, no, Nancy. No, this was [unintelligible] — and I moved on her very heavily. In fact, I took her out furniture shopping.
She wanted to get some furniture. I said, “I’ll show you where they have some nice furniture.” I took her out furniture —
I moved on her like a bitch. But I couldn’t get there. And she was married. Then all of a sudden I see her, she’s now got the big phony tits and everything. She’s totally changed her look.
Whoa! Whoa!
Look at you, you are a pussy.
Maybe it’s a different one.
Yeah, that’s her. With the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything.
Grab ’em by the pussy. You can do anything.
Oh, it looks good.
Ooh, nice legs, huh?
It’s always good if you don’t fall out of the bus. Like Ford, Gerald Ford, remember?
Hello, how are you? Hi!
Nice seeing you. Terrific, terrific. You know Billy Bush?
We’re ready, let’s go. Make me a soap star.
O.K., absolutely. Melania said this was O.K.
Good. After you.
Come on, Billy, don’t be shy.
Get over here, Billy.
Good, that’s better.
That’s better.
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
I don’t know, that’s tough competition.
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
Leightweight chocker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Lying Ted Cruz and leightweight chocker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
O.K. Oh, you’re finished?
O.K.
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
.@katyperry Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste!
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.

Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn’t these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
We are going to have an unbelievable, perhaps record-setting turnout for the inauguration, and there will be plenty of movie and entertainment stars. All the dress shops are sold out in Washington. It’s hard to find a great dress for this inauguration.
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don’t know what to do. Love!
An ‘extremely credible source’ has called my office and told me that Barack Obama’s birth certificate is a fraud
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog & will do it again – just watch. He can do much better!
Ariana Huffington is unattractive, both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man – he made a good decision.
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn’t know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never “mocked” a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him “groveling” when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
I will build a great wall – and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me – and I’ll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.
When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending the best. They’re not sending you, they’re sending people that have lots of problems and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bring crime. They’re rapists… And some, I assume, are good people.
Our great African-American President hasn’t exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore.
If I were running ‘The View’, I’d fire Rosie O’Donnell. I mean, I’d look at her right in that fat, ugly face of hers, I’d say ‘Rosie, you’re fired.
All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me – consciously or unconsciously. That’s to be expected.
One of they key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace. Good people don’t go into government.
The beauty of me is that I’m very rich.
It’s freezing and snowing in New York – we need global warming!
I’ve said if Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her.
My fingers are long and beautiful, as, it has been well documented, are various other parts of my body.
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
I think the only difference between me and the other candidates is that I’m more honest and my women are more beautiful.
You’re disgusting.
The point is, you can never be too greedy.
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
My IQ is one of the highest — and you all know it! Please don’t feel so stupid or insecure; it’s not your fault.
I have so many fabulous friends who happen to be gay, but I am a traditionalist.
Who wouldn’t take Kate’s picture and make lots of money is she does the nude sunbathing thing. Come on Kate!
The other candidates — they went in, they didn’t know the air conditioning didn’t work. They sweated like dogs…How are they gonna beat ISIS? I don’t think it’s gonna happen.
Look at those hands, are they small hands? And, [Republican rival Marco Rubio] referred to my hands: ‘If they’re small, something else must be small.’ I guarantee you there’s no problem. I guarantee.
Thanks sweetie. That’s nice
Lyin’ Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin’ Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
I was down there, and I watched our police and our firemen, down on 7-Eleven, down at the World Trade Center, right after it came down
The only card [Hillary Clinton] has is the woman’s card. She’s got nothing else to offer and frankly, if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don’t think she’d get 5 percent of the vote. The only thing she’s got going is the woman’s card, and the beautiful thing is, women don’t like her.
Number one, I have great respect for women. I was the one that really broke the glass ceiling on behalf of women, more than anybody in the construction industry.
I’m just thinking to myself right now, we should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump, right?
You know, it really doesn’t matter what the media write as long as you’ve got a young, and beautiful, piece of ass.
Make America Great Again
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
.@AlexSalmond, Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness
Pervert alert. @RepWeiner is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18, block him immediately.
Amazing how the haters & losers keep tweeting the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” like they are so original & like no one else is doing it...
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.
How amazing, the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today. All others lived
.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt "shame" at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery, just had it!
If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
“@realDonaldTrump: I would like to extend my best wishes to all, even the haters and losers, on this special date, September 11th.”
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men & women together?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!